---
source: telegram
date: 2026-02-16T18:24:12+00:00
user_id: 822266080
username: AlexeyDTC
---

This are the questions people asked that I didn't answer

- [ ] What specific technical evidence or "proof of work" makes a candidate stand out as a legitimate Architect rather than just an AI hobbyist?

- [ ] How uniform/similar are AI Engineer job posting descriptions and requirements? What would be the top 3 must-have skills common across all these postings?

- [ ] What should a recent or new grad focus on in order to break into this role?

- [ ] As a CEO, what does the investment and resource pipeline look like when taking a Bayesian ML approach combined with a hybrid LLM approach?

- [ ] Data Engineering vs AI Engineering — where will there likely be more stable market demand (more positions), and which is more remote-friendly?

- [ ] AI Engineer title vs traditional Developer title — are they essentially the same except for prompt versioning? There seems to be a lot of overlap.

- [ ] With 20 years as a telecom engineer (EEE background), no coding background, now learning Python, LLMs & agentic AI — must I first become a Data Scientist/Software Engineer to be a proficient AI Engineer?

- [ ] Can you share some practical instruments for evaluation?

- [ ] If you were launching Trova — what would your engineering team look like? Who would do what?

- [ ] Can you share the slides?

- [ ] Do AI engineers need to do data monitoring, or is monitoring model outputs sufficient?

- [ ] Are product engineers expected to also be AI engineers?

- [ ] What is the most critical non-technical skill required to lead and govern AI systems in a production environment?

- [ ] How can frontend engineers transition into AI engineers?

- [ ] Why is the Data Scientist role considered outdated? Was this based on job market observations?