---
source: telegram
date: 2026-02-24T20:14:09+00:00
user_id: 822266080
username: AlexeyDTC
---

Sandipan. Can you give an example job role and breakdown of the expectations and the skills used?

Le Phu. What are the differences between AI Engineer and Software Engineer using AI in their application?

Challa Chinna Obulesh. How can we adapt for AI?

Challa Chinna Obulesh. What is the first step to adapt AI and how can we plan to learn AI?

Naresh T. Do you think local LLMs will become more relevant in the future, both for AI engineering work and normal use?

Pavlo. What percentage of roles support EU-remote work, or are they primarily onsite in IT hub cities?

Pavlo. How to identify from a job description if it’s not the first and only AI role, and what percentage of such roles are there from your perspective?

Devesh Mehra. How about entry-level positions for an AI engineer?

Benjamin Daniel. Is there a GitHub repo or resource available to go through this session in detail?

Leonid Charey. Do you have a plan to make a DE Zoom camp based on the AI stack?

Andrei A. Is it required to have frontend/fullstack skills for an AI Engineer?

Geet Vilas Jamdal. What are the typical stages of an AI engineer interview after resume screening, and how important is DSA in the overall hiring process?

Anonymous. From what you've explained, it seems that one needs to know a bit of AI automation. Is that necessary? I mean, can I learn without those LangChain frameworks?

Usung Uduak. I'm in the medical team, so will I need to learn fine-tuning for healthcare companies?

Naresh T. Can you please compare AI Engineer, MLOps Engineer, AI Production Engineer, AI Platform Engineer, and LLM Ops? How are they different?

Andrei A. Will the AI Engineer role replace a traditional MLE role?

Taylor. Is SaaS dead?

AkhilTej. Please tell where we can access your previous video session.

Naresh T. How are you using AI/ML in your day-to-day activities?